# Matt | Ken

**Meeting Date:** 25th Nov, 2025 - 2:30 PM

---

**Matt - Volta** *[00:02]*: Hey, Ken. 
**Ken Skinner** *[00:03]*: Hey, Matt. How are you today? 
**Matt - Volta** *[00:05]*: Oh, your audio is not on yet. 
**Ken Skinner** *[00:09]*: Can you hear me? 
**Matt - Volta** *[00:11]*: Yeah. Oh, hold one second. Hold on. Okay. How's that? Can you hear me? 
**Ken Skinner** *[00:47]*: I can hear you. 
**Matt - Volta** *[00:48]*: Oh, there we go. Awesome. My bad. I have my mic and my speaker flipped. 
**Ken Skinner** *[00:55]*: You're the tech guy, man. I'm just the finance geek. You're supposed to have this. 
**Matt - Volta** *[01:01]*: It would have been a short meeting. Yeah. How are you? I'm good. 
**Ken Skinner** *[01:05]*: How are you? 
**Matt - Volta** *[01:06]*: Very good, very good. 
**Ken Skinner** *[01:07]*: Thank you for taking some time. I appreciate it. 
**Matt - Volta** *[01:09]*: Yeah, of course. 
**Ken Skinner** *[01:10]*: And I can, I have answers to your questions. 
**Matt - Volta** *[01:13]*: Okay. Yeah. 
**Ken Skinner** *[01:15]*: So the first one is are you new? And, and we're definitely not new. 
**Matt - Volta** *[01:19]*: Okay. 
**Ken Skinner** *[01:20]*: We've been around since officially since 06. So we're going on 20 years and. But I would say my efforts in the Atlantic region are relatively new. I've been at it for a while and we've been involved in the Atlantic in a very serious way for years. It started like, you know, without overwhelming you with the history, you know, like we're all ex Scotia Capital investment bankers. We've been doing. We had all the big clients out there. Amira Fortis, Crombie Re kill them. My one partner I was just talking to, he sold Alliant to Bell way back in the day. 
**Matt - Volta** *[02:08]*: Right. 
**Ken Skinner** *[02:09]*: So a lot of history there. First with the large caps in the Morrison park format. We're very much focused on the mid market, entrepreneurial, owner operated private companies. I lead our effort there and we've been sponsoring Dalhousie for going on 10 years. We're one of the like the founding sponsors of their entrepreneurship programs. We love that relationship and we'll be there for the long term, I think. And we're going to be throwing this dinner party every year. I hope. 
**Matt - Volta** *[02:43]*: So. 
**Ken Skinner** *[02:44]*: So, yeah. And you know, but only in the last two years or so have we said, you know what, let Skinner go and really build a business out there. And so I'm not about a year and a half in and we are getting some traction. I'm encouraged. But you know, there's some uniqueness to the market there and you know it's. And I know many have tried in the past, whether it's investment banks or private equity, just kind of parachute in and say hey, how's it going? Got any deals for me? Right. And it just doesn't work. Right. It, it requires a much different approach, a higher touch, ideally being on the ground there and I think that's probably going to happen with us. 
**Matt - Volta** *[03:32]*: Okay. 
**Ken Skinner** *[03:34]*: But I, I'll tell you like our business has always struggled to grow and it's because it's the senior partners. We are limited by humans to actually invest time and effort in growth. Like that's the limitation because we are, that's what we're selling is our humans time. 
**Matt - Volta** *[03:54]*: Right. 
**Ken Skinner** *[03:55]*: I think that there are. There must be great opportunities to. To do things with this new technology that can really help us scale and specifically within the Atlantic region. And we could talk more about that or you could just ask me whatever. 
**Matt - Volta** *[04:16]*: No, no. I mean I think let's assume that like. Cause again the like I alluded to in the email that it gets covered under our program or not. I think you know there's a way for I'm happy to kind of extend my time and point you in the right direction absolute minimum and maybe potentially do something because it's just. It's more about like what. What would we'd have to kind of cross T's and dot I's on. Is. Is there an expectation of you're looking for a COIS funding to go into your company? If that's it, then yeah, we kind of got to follow the process because we're accountable to that. If, if it's more like can you download how you guys do this and what would an engagement look like then happy to explore that. Right. So it's. Then it's. 
**Matt - Volta** *[05:03]*: It's our org and we can do what we please. Is it's more about is it a good fit for you guys and is there an opportunity to support you. So let's assume for a sec that there is. Tell me more about you know the. And we'll just use the same thing you've been through a couple times now is like is there an obvious. You you mentioned the problem around human. Human effort. Is there an aspect of your. When you guys think of the funnel of what are the activities that you're doing right now to build the funnel and where do you think and correct me if I'm wrong, that's essentially what you're trying to do is the growth part is how do we spend less time doing low value activities that generate high quality interactions with potential clients. Right. Absolutely right. So. 
**Matt - Volta** *[05:51]*: So not unlike many of some of the clients we're chatting with. So tell me more about your guys process right now and where. Where's your intuition point you as far as if you could get rid of these. These things that it'd free your time up to go deeper on the High value stuff. What's. Where do you think the problems are? 
**Ken Skinner** *[06:10]*: Well, okay, so I could go on and on about this. I'm gonna try and just be really efficient with my words. Lead gen is the word that we used with seasoned pros. I think it's. That's just one part of the equation as it relates to us. Certainly we wanna do lead gen, but, you know, but what, how we refer to the whole process of identifying opportunities and qualifying them and then getting them. That whole process is what we call origination. 
**Matt - Volta** *[06:44]*: Right. 
**Ken Skinner** *[06:44]*: And there's different steps. And so at the beginning of the origination process, it's like looking at the market. What are the companies, where could opportunities exist? Where do relationships exist? And then, and then strategizing about approaching that market in some way. Are there a set of names that we should prioritize? Are there relationships we could, we can leverage? And then it goes to qualifying those opportunities. Like, what is, like, you know, the nature of this company? What, what, you know, what are the ways that we could potentially help them? Do they need capital? If so, what does that look like? Or are they approaching the end of a succession period? You know, the owner's 80 years old and he doesn't have any kids to pass it on to. Right. And, and so that's kind of the qualification thing. Right. 
**Ken Skinner** *[07:38]*: Or is there an M and A situation here? Are they a natural acquirer and pursuing a strategy of consolidation in their market? Are they looking to grow outside of their market, geographically, vertically, horizontally through markets? Or, or are they a seller? Right, right. Like, have they, you know, are these founders, like, they've taken a great ride and they're looking to do something else, so maybe they're happy to sell. Like it's all that stuff is qualifying the opportunities and then it's winning the business. 
**Matt - Volta** *[08:08]*: Right? 
**Ken Skinner** *[08:09]*: So then we get into pitch mode and it's like beginning discussion. Maybe you're competing for the business, there's other investment banks involved. Or maybe it's a unilateral discussion where you're saying, here's what, how we see it, maybe we can help you these ways. What do you think? And if you're interested, we can go to the next step and discuss maybe a proposal. 
**Matt - Volta** *[08:28]*: Right? 
**Ken Skinner** *[08:29]*: And I've got discussion. I've got probably a dozen discussions like that underway in the Atlantic region at various stages. I'm always impressed. Pardon me. 
**Matt - Volta** *[08:39]*: Yeah, tell me a little bit like, remember we did this for Kevin is if you have to distill it down to one that, like, if you have to rank them as far as, like, if it looks like this and it smells like this and it tastes like this is like, it's a slam dunk, right? Like, knowing that not all things are optimal. But do you guys have a profile of a type of company that if you could line those up, like, if. If this system or whatever the technology did was, like, cool, what do you want me to go get? And you could define it, could you distill it right now? Do you have a sense of that? 
**Ken Skinner** *[09:20]*: It's not as straightforward, perhaps, as what Kevin would say about seasoned pros, because the information that we make decisions on is often private and confidential. Right. So it's private companies, and what interests us are, like, who owns it, right. And if there's a series of owners, what's the breakdown? Who actually controls and is the decision maker? And then. And then we get into, like, the financial aspects of the company. What's the revenue, what's the cash flow? Growing, declining, you know, like, what's the company's strategy, what are they trying to do? Sometimes some of that stuff gets advertised on their website saying, hey, we're the world's greatest this, and we're going to do that, and here's how we're going to do it. Right. But. 
**Matt - Volta** *[10:09]*: And then it's also like your discovery process. So you're qualifying, you're having conversations with them, you're eliciting certain information that gives you a refined picture. Got it. 
**Ken Skinner** *[10:18]*: And so my process is like, my typical thing is I roll in there on a Monday and stay until Friday, and I just ram a schedule full of meetings, and I just want to see who's doing what, where begin conversations, establish relationships, and just try and figure out where we might be able to fit in. Right. 
**Matt - Volta** *[10:39]*: So when you're preparing for that week that you're going to be down, how much planning goes into that week, or is it a lot? You're going to use serrant. Okay, cool. So to unpack that for me a little bit. 
**Ken Skinner** *[10:49]*: Yeah. So I've got analysts here in the shop. We. We have like a massive database of all the companies we've been tracking in the Atlantic region, All the kind of stuff that we would like to get or already have on the information. And then we. And then we basically prioritize a set of names. Right. Like, and this has been happening for like a year and a half now. Right. So I've got this great history of we talk to these guys. Here's what we know. I have kind of like Call it, you know, like a list of names that are at different stages. And I know this guy's going to sell, but not yet. This guy's going to sell, like maybe next month. This guy wants me to sell for him right now. These guys are going to need capital, all that stuff. 
**Ken Skinner** *[11:33]*: And so like typically it's I, when I go, I will prioritize. I'll either it's time to advance a discussion that's underway or, or we've identified a new company that I want to meet. And, and so it's, you know, like prioritizing like, okay, this is a new name. Don't know what's going on there. Let's meet them. So hard to come up with this ideal customer profile like we did with season growth. 
**Matt - Volta** *[12:02]*: So it sounds like there are. To make an efficient week, there's lots of different opportunities that you're going to try to fill your calendar with. Yeah. Where do the challenges start arising? Like, what is, what's hard about this process? If the teams, you know, they've got a database, they're grooming it for you, setting up the meetings, they're doing those. Like what part of it is, are you challenged by. 
**Ken Skinner** *[12:26]*: Because nothing happens unless I do it. 
**Matt - Volta** *[12:31]*: Right. 
**Ken Skinner** *[12:31]*: So it's literally like me like communicating, right. Whether it's over email or an in person meeting or a phone call, like nothing happens unless I do it. And so, and then, and that kind of applies to here in the office too, when we're doing the research and me guiding the analysts and telling them how to, you know, allocate their time and what we should focus on. And, and so, you know, like, and then, and then you add to that what I've, like, I've not made any judgments yet about the Atlantic region on this, but it's, it feels like, you know, because it's this small market and you have this kind of set of people that have had wonderful, successful careers and they're turning around and kind of giving back to the community, which I love. 
**Ken Skinner** *[13:34]*: You have kind of like what I'm starting to call the inner circle or you know, people like you that have like seen it all and done it all, turning around, giving back. So you end up being either a meaningful investor in a company or you're sitting on the board and you basically get involved in the decision making process. 
**Matt - Volta** *[13:51]*: Right. 
**Ken Skinner** *[13:52]*: Which is, guys, here's the strategy, here's what we have to do, here's how we're going to do it. And maybe we need an investment bank for this. So hey, talk to. Is it Grant Thornton or is it Morrison Park? Right, Right. Or is it. Or is it rbc? Right. And so me succeeding, I think in many situations kind of comes down to something like that. 
**Matt - Volta** *[14:14]*: So. 
**Ken Skinner** *[14:14]*: So actually starting at the end and working back, how do I actually get them thinking of Morrison Park? So it's like this outreach program that I'm doing. But I thought it was fascinating what you showed us on, you know, like the marketing program, just generally speaking, raising our profile in the market. So people actually have heard our name before and say, you know, who are these Morrison park guys? 
**Matt - Volta** *[14:40]*: Okay, so if you could, you know, I, I pass you the one, you waive it. What are the parts that you just described that you think go away or happen magically that kind of like you'd hold a solution to kind of account for? Right. Whatever. Whatever that solution might be, assume AI is just going to get increasingly more accurate and cheaper to do. Right. 
**Ken Skinner** *[15:05]*: Yeah. 
**Matt - Volta** *[15:06]*: What are the things that, you know, with you in the loop as far as quality control and checking to make sure. Are you envisioning certain aspects of the process you just described? Like, you just not needing to do them at all? And, or like, what would a really good outcome for you be? Obviously, it's the, from the outcome, it's your name comes up in those conversations more frequently, which then convert into better investments, so on. So that part. Got that. But what do you feel if that's the lagging indicator? Right. Like those investments, what would prove to you that you're on the right track and more serve as like a leading indicator? 
**Matt - Volta** *[15:46]*: You're, you're in the right circles and at the right tables and in the right conversations, like, what would you want to see happening that maybe can be automated or handled by systems that don't require you to manually do it? Yeah. 
**Ken Skinner** *[16:01]*: So I think I waste a lot of time, you know, chasing rainbows and so certainly, like, at the earlier stage of origination, it's maybe a way better research tool where companies are being identified and qualified and then, and then the names kind of rise to the top. I mean, things get missed by us all the time. Like it seems every time I push the analysts here, we discover a new company that, like, we've been at this for a year and a half and we're still finding companies that. 
**Matt - Volta** *[16:40]*: But it requires you to manually ask them to go look. 
**Ken Skinner** *[16:44]*: Yeah, yeah. Or, or I just even hear about it. And the analysts never picked that up somehow. 
**Matt - Volta** *[16:49]*: So, like, why do you think that's happening? Like where, if the processes are defined and they know what you're looking for, why do you think it's happening? 
**Ken Skinner** *[16:58]*: I think because the, what they do is just good old fashioned Internet searches. 
**Matt - Volta** *[17:04]*: Right. Okay. 
**Ken Skinner** *[17:05]*: And, and they use, the other tool they use is LinkedIn sales navigator. 
**Matt - Volta** *[17:11]*: Right. 
**Ken Skinner** *[17:11]*: And Link. And so you're kind of at the mercy of whatever your search results are. Right, got it. And it's, and it's by, it's not comprehensive. 
**Matt - Volta** *[17:19]*: Right. 
**Ken Skinner** *[17:19]*: It's not systematic. 
**Matt - Volta** *[17:21]*: Have you, have you tried or are any of the analysts using like deep research functionality for AI that you're aware of? 
**Ken Skinner** *[17:27]*: Oh, so we have the paid for version of ChatGPT. 
**Matt - Volta** *[17:31]*: Okay. 
**Ken Skinner** *[17:32]*: Yep. And so that's absolutely become part of the workflow here. 
**Matt - Volta** *[17:36]*: Good. 
**Ken Skinner** *[17:37]*: But it, at least I haven't been able to tell yet. Like it doesn't seem to be like a dramatic change in our effort. 
**Matt - Volta** *[17:47]*: Right. So it, I mean it sounds like if the quality of like what you're describing is you could give reference points for the, you know, the criteria and the types of it. Like if we sat down and had enough time to kind of inventory it out or you wanted to share. And I'm happy to kind of be under NDA if it's helpful to the, to move the conversation forward. You're not, you're not describing anything that there aren't probably, you know, half a dozen fairly new tools that would be used to, could definitely level up the quality or depth of the research and definitely automate it. Right. Like, so a really simple example that I use day to day is. You may have heard of the search engine perplexity. Yeah, so that's, yeah. So that one's. 
**Matt - Volta** *[18:37]*: I pay for the $200 or $300 a month version. And the reason I do that is I want a daily digest of all AI topics in Atlantic Canada on a daily basis. I want all news brought to me and I want to listen to it on my drive home. Right. Like that is. So that's a daily practice now that's possible. That just comes to me on my phone and at 5:05 I get a little notifications like your report's ready. Do you want to listen to it? Like and I just turn on the radio and listen to it on my drive home. Like that's an example of, you know, one sort of simple automation that you could have as many of those as you want and, or imagine something that's showing up in your inbox. 
**Matt - Volta** *[19:26]*: You know, let's say three days a week, you clear schedule for doing your funnel nurturing and all the data is sitting there waiting for you to evaluate half a dozen companies that this system has kind of brought to you. Right? And then the tools, part of it's just getting comfortable with new tools and knowing what they can do and what they can't. But part of it's like get the data to you so you have something to chew on right like and get it going. But those types of questions now are, you know, minutes of waiting, not hours or days anymore. What, what is really hard to do is the compounding knowledge that you've built in the last, you know, decades that you've been at this of knowing the nuances between this factor and this factor. 
**Matt - Volta** *[20:16]*: And you know, it's that stuff I don't think is going to get replaced for a long time, but it can level someone that has that, you know, the scars to show for how to do it wrong. Right? Like you know the nuances to look for. Happy to like none of what you're describing is, requires a technical build. It might just be, you know, we, you give me a couple problems to solve and I kind of spit back at you. Here's the way I tackle it. And the goal would be like build a proof of concept that doesn't need to scale yet, but does need to like deliver you an experience that you're like shit, this is amazing. 
**Matt - Volta** *[20:55]*: Like this is, I'm spending way less time doing these low level activities and the staff's consistently coming to me and the quality of these meetings or this outreach is really good and the nuances of it is what feeds most of that. Right. So on the startup side and where, you know, I think we're getting a lot of traction on the SME side is startups kind of, they have a theory about what the problem is, but a lot of times they don't have the domain expertise. SMEs know their shit and they definitely know where the problems are, right like that there's no ambiguity about that. They can speak to it in quite a high fidelity depth. But secondly, they know how to prioritize. 
**Matt - Volta** *[21:36]*: Out of all the things you could do, it's like what's the stuff that is will return the most for the least amount of effort. So it's kind of marinating on that a little bit and going yeah, the, like the top three are these things. Like if I had this sort of data brought to me in this format and these checks were done, you would save X amount of day hours a day and that would be reinvested into the following activities that only humans can do. Right. Like that's kind of what you try to just distill it down to. 
**Matt - Volta** *[22:09]*: And then you time box it and you basically are going in and saying in 30 days I'm going to know whether or not these outcomes are real based on this stuff or whether or not it's just, you know, it's more sizzle than it is steak. Right. Like there's not enough substance to this. Right. You'll at least have learned through that. Trying to change your behavior day to day and leverage these tools to test your theory that this is something worth putting your time, more time into or investing in monetarily. Does that make sense? 
**Ken Skinner** *[22:40]*: It absolutely makes sense. And I feel like I haven't really answered your questions well because like on the low level stuff, the work we do. Absolutely. Like I, I think that's like there's a lot that can be done to streamline, you know, like the kind of the basic workflows here. 
**Matt - Volta** *[22:57]*: Yeah. 
**Ken Skinner** *[22:58]*: But the more, way more interesting, exciting and perhaps meaningful thing here is what of the higher level work can be done? And that's where I, I'm sitting here kind of struggling because yeah, like historically it's just high touch human interaction. Right. Where you get into these meaningful discussions and maybe it's the case that hey, it's really just a human only thing, particularly in the Atlantic region where it's so much is relationship based. 
**Matt - Volta** *[23:30]*: So. 
**Ken Skinner** *[23:32]*: But I can't help but think like, and I'm going to think harder about this and try to answer your question better is like coming up with an ICP or coming up with a specific objective, like what would be success for you? 
**Matt - Volta** *[23:48]*: Because here's the. You don't have to do one icp. What we're trying to do is collapse all the potential things to down to a set of discrete ones. Yeah. Then you do again and again. You can build as many ICPs as you want, but it's the specificity that determines the nuance and the steps in which you would take. So like as you were describing your, you know, it's this type of company or this like some of them are just going to require long term commitments and you know, you do a light touch point every time you're in Halifax or every second visit and, or you know, it's having it on your calendar three months in advance. Those are the things that like, you're just going to invest in all the time, right? 
**Matt - Volta** *[24:31]*: And then there's other where it's like, it is going to be more transactional because it is urgent and the time box that they're in is going to dictate which it's having that stuff come to you in an order that helps you make these decisions more consistently is what I'm talking about. So you don't have to like, don't think of it as the homework isn't go away and think of only one profile. It's who, if you had to line them up, would you start with. Then once that one's tuned, you move on to the next and the next. And like, eventually the system builds and it compounds in its opportunity. And when they're humming, it becomes almost an issue that you've got too much on your plate because the efficiencies have gone up, that it starts creating its own issues, right? 
**Matt - Volta** *[25:19]*: Like a good problem to have. But it's like if you had too many meetings to get to in the week that you're down, but each one you went to, you're like, shit, that was like a 9 or 10 out of 10 meeting. Like that. That's what you're trying to do. It's. Don't overthink it. You know the business, you know the types of, like, even if it was just a qualitative measure on why did that meeting suck and what were the, those little loops of like, you know, the, one of the techniques that I've had for, on lead scoring for the teams that we do is you have a theory about what things are true for the business, right, that you think it. 
**Matt - Volta** *[25:56]*: And then when you do your discovery, which is your, it's your qualification step, you're actually asking questions that elicit that data so that you can test your rubric, right? And it's the improvement of the rubric that quantitatively you want to see get better over time. But qualitatively you don't use the rubric to guide the conversation. Like, and that's all you talk about, right? It's, that's the type of thing that I'm talking about is like, you know, a good meaning when you feel it, try and think critically about it afterwards and be like, yeah, what was the thing? 
**Matt - Volta** *[26:27]*: Was it the fact that we've been talking for six months and you just knew the nuance and how the, and the things came together with time, or was it more about like, you knew the right network, you had those, you had been through the experience that they'd been through. You could add value just in the conversation, like all of those things. If you externalize it, you'd be surprised how quickly AI can make, like, take advantage of this stuff. So I've taken to daily practices of having conversations at the end of the day with AI to kind of download it. And because it now has memory, it can recall and guide and do those sorts of things. So don't worry about whether or not it can do it. Think more about, like, assume it can. And there will be limitations within. 
**Matt - Volta** *[27:11]*: Because there's certain amount of tech and process that you may need to go through to get the benefits out of it. And then you just discern which ones are the most important. That's why I'm always like, when you're backed into a corner and you have to pick. Not saying that there aren't lots, but you have to pick. Start with the one at the top. What are the attributes you think would be, you know, an A plus? And then we build a bit of a rubric from that. And then I guarantee you there's a lot that can be automated to come to you so that your batting average for those trips is just higher. Right. Like, correct me if I'm wrong, Like, that would be an amazing outcome. 
**Ken Skinner** *[27:46]*: Is like, that would be an amazing just listening to you talk and thinking through, you know, those, like, I don't know what you call them, those maps where you have a universe and there's just all these nodes and then all these lines going back and forth between the nodes. So oftentimes our job is to understand a landscape. Who owns what, who's doing what, where, what the connections and relationships and ownerships might be. And then out of that understanding what people want to do, come up with a recommendation. Here's what I think you should do. And so it. And like, it's brutal to keep this landscape view in your head to understand, oh, yeah, that guy owns this. And that guy is interested in doing this. It actually makes a lot of sense that they meet. Right? 
**Matt - Volta** *[28:37]*: Totally. 
**Ken Skinner** *[28:37]*: So it's this connection map which can, like. And then the system can actually make recommendations. Oh, don't forget that, like, so and so owns this. You should talk to him about that. 
**Matt - Volta** *[28:51]*: Yep. 
**Ken Skinner** *[28:51]*: Right. 
**Matt - Volta** *[28:51]*: And that's. So you're. You're describing the work we're doing right now with the Builders network and the SMEs. Right. So that connection, we have a database of Builders, an increasing number of Builders. And these are like profiles and the projects they've done. And then you have SMEs like Kevin's company and securely. But in the back end, we're giving AI access to both and we're saying who's best fit for these things. Like this is the outcome we're trying to drive. Who in this network has. Because it's constantly shifting. Right. And the more. The higher fidelity we can. Like I was sitting down with one of our team members today around brainstorming what we can do to increase the number of builders who take the time to write a project outcome. Right. 
**Matt - Volta** *[29:38]*: And so we're going to experiment with half a dozen different techniques, some of which will be technical, some of which will be like hand, you know, reach out and make sure that they have a quick meeting and have a conversation like this. But then the data becomes part of that artifact that we can draw on and know and then leave it to AI to connect the dots. When we decide what we. What outcome we want. Right, Awesome. I think that's what you're describing. It's going to the. It's. It's a knowledge graph is like the technical side. It's a graph of these relationships and the nodes in them, and the fidelity data you have for each is basically what will allow AI to connect the dots. And then you decide what action needs to be taken. Right? Yeah. 
**Ken Skinner** *[30:25]*: And then in the background, the AI can be doing 247 search for public information on the. And then like updating, like the different nodes with new information. 
**Matt - Volta** *[30:37]*: You got it. 
**Ken Skinner** *[30:38]*: And all of a sudden this thing's making a recommendation to you, which you had no idea about. 
**Matt - Volta** *[30:44]*: Like, that's when. That's it. It's like not just primary nodes, it's secondary tertiary that are like, you should reach out to this person because they have a relationship with this. And that could be a public announcement. Yeah. But because the AI knows where your priorities and objectives are, that's the lens that's looking through and saying, like, how do I make this a best outcome for Ken? What isn't, what has, you know, the reason it's so new is these technologies have literally existed for months. Like this last two weeks. Just in these two weeks, Google came out with Gemini 3, which redefined in many respects what the benchmarks were. And literally 72 hours later, anthropic released another one that completely blew them out of the water. This is in two weeks. And before that it was 5.1 from OpenAI. 
**Matt - Volta** *[31:39]*: They put another model out that was specifically for coding, like the pace for people like you and I that are benefiting from this technology, the pace has never existed like this before. Like, it's literally down to days and weeks. That these iteration cycles are where they used to be once a year. Where you hear announcements, they're all just. There's just billions and billions of dollars going into it. So from a day to day perspective, what we get to do is just like I put something on. I'll show you a real quick example of this on LinkedIn. So a week ago, my. My youngest daughter had her 10th birthday and were working on. We were working on the. What was it that her. Her actual invite to her party, right? And so I was really wrestling with. 
**Matt - Volta** *[32:36]*: Gemini was kind of the best example of what you could do to expect. And it did everything in like really nice invite, but it couldn't get the word Dartmouth right. And it just kept misspelling and it's like the whole thing's one image. Like I can't go in and just change the one thing right. Yeah. So like it didn't become all that useful for me to be able to use it. I had to like buy Canva and tweak the thing. And so it was still. It wasn't that big a deal. A week later, I put a prompt into the new versions called Nana Banano Pro. And my prompt was as a founder of a medical device company, walk me through all the steps that need to be true for me to create a product and bring it to market. 
**Matt - Volta** *[33:35]*: That was the only thing I said. And this is what it produced one week later. 
**Ken Skinner** *[33:48]*: What? 
**Matt - Volta** *[33:49]*: Yeah, one week later. It couldn't spell Dartmouth the week before. What? 
**Ken Skinner** *[33:56]*: Sorry, what platform is this? 
**Matt - Volta** *[33:58]*: What using? This is using Gemini Nano Banana Pro, the free version. It. Yes. 
**Ken Skinner** *[34:09]*: What the hell, man? 
**Matt - Volta** *[34:11]*: So this is what I mean by assume it will keep getting better, but the pace at which you're doing that is now it. It's like it. This is the way. The way I framed it in my post. I'm like, I'm pretty sure this might be what exponential growth looks like, right? Like it's a 10x improvement for sure. When we. It struggled with a single day and now color coded and like did process maps and every single word is correctly spelled. And like, and then I second like I actually put it out to the network and checked it with another model. Is like, is this process right? And it's like, yeah, this is really good. And like multiple people are like, this is really good. I'm like, holy Shit, that's frightening. It's crazy. 
**Ken Skinner** *[34:55]*: Like that's machine learning. That's not like a wizard in the valley doing, okay, we got to fix this thing. 
**Matt - Volta** *[35:02]*: It's teaching itself totally. 
**Ken Skinner** *[35:05]*: And so that's exponential. 
**Matt - Volta** *[35:07]*: It is. And that this is kind of like keep it in the back of your head if it's not available today. The use cases that one announcement came out like another example. We're working with a team who's in construction, right? 
**Matt - Volta** *[35:20]*: And they've got really expensive red seal engineers that can only do these evaluations and they have a theory and they're like, if we had a really, if we knew, you know, took some inputs from the building that they were going to go see, which we have, and we knew what, you know, the building's architecture was and knew a certain amount about what equipment was in it, we're pretty confident that we could give a junior engineer a good inspection template and tell him or her where to go in the building and what data to collect and put out the same quality of an evaluation as if it was a senior. I'm like, well, you're in luck because literally that model came out yesterday where it can now interpret both images and video. 
**Matt - Volta** *[36:10]*: So our experiment will be put one of these meta ray Ban glasses on that records the video when they're going to go through that building and we're going to go test two buildings that have already been done so we know what a quality report looks like and they're going to say, okay, what is the inspection based on this data? And we're going to go see what the engineer can do. And like the day before that it wasn't possible. 
**Ken Skinner** *[36:34]*: Amazing. 
**Matt - Volta** *[36:36]*: So this is what I mean by like, don't get too constrained by what you can do today because it's literally they announce it the next day and then you can do it. 
**Ken Skinner** *[36:45]*: So yeah, it's like what the weather in the Maritimes. If you don't like it, just wait five minutes. 
**Matt - Volta** *[36:50]*: You got it, that's it. So think about those things and then maybe we jump on another call and like you zero in because then we could, we can go back from what you're describing, there's nothing technically challenged about it. It's more about like, where would you want to start? And if I can help in that way, that's great that you're investing in the community. I'm happy to do this. 
**Ken Skinner** *[37:12]*: Yeah. 
**Matt - Volta** *[37:12]*: Okay. 
**Ken Skinner** *[37:13]*: That is awesome. So TBD on whether we actually fit in the program, a co funding, all that stuff let's just focus on what it is we want to do and then just figure out how we do it. So as a last point, I will tell you that I've spent some time working with kind of like the, I forget the paid version chat, GPT Pro or whatever they call it to. Actually I challenged it with the idea of, hey, reinvent investment banking for me. Remove all the automate, whatever you can automate and, and allow me to focus more all most or all my time on just delivering fantastic advice for clients. 
**Matt - Volta** *[37:54]*: Right. 
**Ken Skinner** *[37:55]*: And it actually, and like it actually came up with something decent. So I'm gonna look at that again, think harder about this and then I'll just follow up with you. 
**Matt - Volta** *[38:05]*: And if you're paying for the Pro, have you tried the voice version? 
**Ken Skinner** *[38:09]*: Oh, I love it. Oh, I debate everything. It's like when you push on stuff like ultimately says, that's a really deep, thoughtful, good question and it will not answer it. 
**Matt - Volta** *[38:23]*: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So the voice interface is good for brainstorming ideas and just like, I'll always frame it and basically be like. And you can go into your personalization settings and say, I'm looking for a collaborator. Not, not someone who's just going to agree with all my ideas. Right. Like, it's the back and forth that's valuable. So like come up with critiques and inform your position with data and sometimes it'll go out and go get the data and make it relevant. So I know it's not just spitting out what it needs to, and it's just little hacks like that I've. You'd be surprised how many things we've tried here that have worked that stemmed back to these, like, early conversations. So it's very similar to, you know, the, that saying of, you know, what, what diet works? It's the one you use. Yeah, yeah. 
**Matt - Volta** *[39:17]*: So, so just keep doing the reps. You'll see it start compounding. But the deeper things that are harder that AI won't be able to think for you right now is what outcomes do you want to take place and what is your role in those outcomes that kind of gives you the most energy. Then prioritize the stuff that you'd rather someone else did, but did it to a quality that you're excited about so that you can do more of what you want to do. And like every team member in our team, we did exactly the same thing. And, like, not every opportunity the organization can afford them. But this is what this is about, right? Like, if you're going to level up, you got to level up with this technology and see how you can add value in other ways. 
**Ken Skinner** *[40:00]*: Yeah. 
**Matt - Volta** *[40:00]*: Awesome. All right. 
**Ken Skinner** *[40:02]*: Awesome. 
**Matt - Volta** *[40:02]*: Okay. 
**Ken Skinner** *[40:03]*: Thank you so much for your time. 
**Matt - Volta** *[40:04]*: Appreciate it. 
**Ken Skinner** *[40:05]*: All right, I'll follow up with you. 
**Matt - Volta** *[40:07]*: See ya. See it. 
