Three test companies:
Acadian Seaplants
Protocase
Emmerson Packaging
 

What do you know about each company:
 

Acadian Seaplants – process and products appear to be unique and very “on trend” for lack of a better phrase…natural, sustainable, healthy, low carbon, disrupting/displacing legacy products.  Appears to have some scale and be growing and succeeding based only on the look of the facility and other elements of website.  In the absence of financial information quality, scale and growth is guessed at through a combination of determinants such as headcount, number of offices, size of management team (how many in C-suite), products/services sold, markets served, domestic only or global, what third parties say about them (conferences, panels, media, interviews etc.), LinkedIn content from company page and employee posts, customer reviews, many other things too.  Actually, size and composition of C-suite is very telling.  Once you get over, say, $5M EBITDA you start seeing a more developed and professional management team.  CEO, CFO, COO and maybe others…CTO, CRO etc.  This implies sophisticated, professional management and the likely existence of an ambitious strategy that this team is executing on.  JP Deveau is G2 and seems like a very capable leader with good profile and respect in the business community.  And, a strangely positive signal is that he has ignored my attempts to connect, which kinda sucks for me but is indicative that he is neither impressed with or bothered to spend time with bankers/PE…which implies he’s sophisticated and may be getting contacted by people like me regularly (almost certainly the case).  He actually did respond to me when I found out that my partner goes cat skiing with him in the Kootenay’s every winter and I hit him with that, ha!  With JP I am quite sure he is not a seller but would love to know his ambition, growth strategies and objectives, succession plan (which is prob years away), who is on the cap table, what his access to capital is etc.  This is the conversation I want to have with entrepreneurs/business leaders because when I can learn more about their business and objectives then there is often some way for me to help.  We are advisors, not brokers.  We don’t just sell companies.  We create solutions to problems.  Contribute to business objectives however we can…it could just be bringing in a CFO or getting warm intro to company in Europe or bringing in a highly strategic capital partner of some sort.  Anything.  Leaders at these smaller private companies don’t realize that.  They just see “investment bank” and think glorified salesman.  The pitch I really want to make to entrepreneurs in the Atlantic Region is: make me your partner.  Let’s build a relationship leading to trust.  Tell me about your business and objectives.  I am pretty sure I can help in some way.  If I do, then put me on the cap table and make me an aligned partner.  Maybe put me on the board or at least on the advisory board.  Long term trusted relationship based on mutual objectives and shared success.  So with JP I have a CEO who is kind of reticent and skeptical of my value add.  I know I can break through if given a chance but I need to come to him with something good.  I don’t know what.  But if I knew more about his company, anything, I could work on it.  So with AI I would do a full scrape of anything in the public domain which can me understand the company better.  Ideally, there is some commentary or media or a conference presentation out there which could help.  With some knowledge and an idea I roll in there hot and hit him and hopefully it lands…if not, he’ll hopefully appreciate the effort and at minimum, we can talk skiing and he can see that I am not 100% Toronto asshole, maybe just 50% (😊).
 

Protocase.  Founder Doug Milburn is what I call the “Elon Musk” of Cape Breton.  He is a gifted engineer who is very entrepreneurial and successful.  In addition to Protocase he owns 45 Drives and Advanced Glazings.  He is a super busy guy who has no time for fools.  I did get a meeting with him a year ago and could tell he was planning to give me a quick 30 mins and move on…until we hit it off and also established a family connection (which happens to me in Cape Breton).  Then he spent the afternoon with me and toured me around all his companies and facilities in Sydney.  Truly impressive.  On Protocase he is over 100M revenue with some very impressive clients (NASA, Amazon, others) and wants to go to a billion.  He will consider growth through acquisition but done the right way.  Not growth for growth sake.  Needs to be a great fit and highly strategic.  He has recently expanded to North Carolina and has bigger designs on the US.  He is a super busy guy and has a highly motivated gatekeeper.  But she likes me and I can get time with him but with people like Doug you can’t just throw spaghetti at the wall.  You gotta roll in there with top quality thinking and opportunities.  There are three, maybe more, things that I could do for Doug.  1) Targets for Protocase; 2) Get liquidity for some of the investors on Protocase cap table; 3) Sell Advanced Glazings.  All these things are actionable.  If I had unlimited resources and would scouring the earth for targets for Protocase driven by detailed criteria and considering who would like to come into this company on a minority basis and take out existing investors who want out and trying to find who the right buyer might be for Advanced Glazings.  I would also try to learn more about 45 Drives which I understand is highly respected tech hardware manufacturer selling globally.  Perhaps targets for this company too.
 

Emmerson Packaging.  I met the G2 owner recently and my spidey senses are tingling.  Something is going to happen there but not sure exactly what.  This is a successful company with some scale, and he told me he is keen to grow and wants that growth to be in the US.  I think he would consider a partnership of some kind that could accelerate his growth plans.  That could be a US based capital partner with a platform company who has interest and knowledge of the industry or it could be strategic with strong presence in his target market or something else.  A subject I often discuss with leaders is “be careful what you wish for”.  Having a capital or strategic partner can often look good on paper but it is an existential risk.  It could be great but maybe not.  Depending on the situation I might suggest looking closer to home for solutions.  When a partner is in your market or community it can be easier to have trust and alignment…what a partnership is supposed to be.  But that may not get you what you want, so depends.  So on this one I’d want to learn everything I can from the public domain and then consider who I could introduce as a potential partner.  I have one in mind but would not suggest without knowing more.  With our Informed Ideation OS functioning I’d put these two names together and see what comes out…potential benefits from the combination could be complementary products/markets, economies of scale, revenue or cost synergies etc.
 

Bonus Company: Sustainable Blue.  Are you aware of this company?  I spent the day with the CEO last time I was there and was totally gobsmacked by the whole thing.  If what I saw and heard is true, these guys have a global gamechanger.  I saw the future of aquaculture.  Long story short, genius inventor solved the industry’s biggest problem, wastewater.  It is a completely closed system and this is so revolutionary, nobody believes them, yet.  No constant sea water supply needed.  No wastewater outflow to the environment.  Which also means no antibiotics or hormones.  Add nutrient dense feed and you have top quality salmon that tastes good and has great nutrient profile and the facility does not have to be located next to the ocean.  CEO only half jokingly wants to build next facility in the desert to prove to everyone it is a truly closed system and this would be met with shock by the industry.  So cool.  Anyway, this is top quality candidate for me and same drill as with Acadian Seaplants.  Learn everything I can, bring CEO value added thinking and hopefully ideas and position myself for long term relationship.  First step is likely a capital raise to fund development of next facility once existing facility hits full production in Mar/Apr of next year.  Interestingly, there a thread that runs through this company and at least two other awesome companies in NS: Sustane Technologies and Oberland Agriscience.  All three of these companies have Jim Lawley and Robert Richardson as significant, if not controlling, shareholders.  Robert and I have been developing a relationship and it looks like Sustane may become a client.  I am highly motivated to help him succeed with Sustane.  Not only because he is my client but also because, if I can do a good job for him and he likes me and has confidence in me then I will be very well positioned to help on Oberland and Sustainable Blue.  This is the higher level strategy stuff that I could do much more of if I had a detailed market map which made it much easier for me to understand who is doing what where and where the connections are and what makes sense in any given situation.
 

Top criteria:  Hopefully my big purge in 2) gives you an idea of how I think and how I approach opportunities.  Happy to be more specific if necessary and jump on call and discuss further.
 

Questions on target: With private companies financial information is the holy grail.  Sometimes a company will divulge this information in unlikely forums…like on a panel at a conference or in an article in a little trade magazine or an outlet like “AllNovaScotia”.  But you wouldn’t know it or where to look.  This is why AI could do the looking for you and if it says nothing out there then you can be pretty sure.  When an analyst tells me nothing out there, I’m never sure.  Take a look at a company called Charli AI.  If you know Peter Hickey, he is involved.  The claim by this company is private company financial information.  They claim to have take tax information, which apparently is in the public domain but not in a usable format, and have an algo to work with the data to create estimates of financial statements and claim that back testing proves out.  This could be game changer but they are focussed more on US market at moment but Canada on the come.  Anyway…key questions are financial information, cap table/investors, capital rounds and valuation, management profiles and history/coming/going, strategy and/or board presentations (like you would have for public company), indicators of size as discussed above. 
 